DX-313 Add documentation for the "Whoops, we can't run your tests." error. (#4021)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/error-messages.md

## Test Runner errors

### <Icon name="exclamation-triangle" color="red"></Icon> Whoops, we can't run your tests

> This error may be seen when any of the following occur:

Reviewer: Only thing I would add is explain what triggers it:

```suggestion
This error happens when Cypress detects that the browser automation is not connected, or that Cypress's internal proxy is being bypassed. This is caused by one of the following:
```
